Additional Notes:
- MVP’s primary focus is showcasing our privacy system, along with the company’s
commitment to its mission of truly putting the individual first.
- If a client wants human intervention for a service, our human assistance team needs to
see the contract prior to them paying for it in order to make sure that it is doable, and in
the timeframe and cost that was estimated. Revisions to contracts need to be possible.
Therefore, the pAI should give an estimated range and timeframe for requests to the
client. If they choose to move forward, we would quickly review the request report and
give official costs and timeframe and then they can accept the contract.
How Our Service Works: Clients will make support requests large or small in regard to
practically anything to their personal AI (pAI). Each pAI acts as a liaison to our human
assistance team who is there to guarantee client requests are fulfilled, whatever they may be,
by finding contractors, freelancers, experts, etc capable of filling in the gaps that the pAI cannot
complete. Human assistance is the paid component of our company, and the cost of this service
will vary on the request made by the client. For this reason, the pAI makes approximations of
the time and cost of each request. The estimate will be provided to the client in order for them to
make an informed choice about purchasing the service. If the client decides to move forward
with it, the pAI will compile a request report detailing the project, the client (non-identifiable), the
cost, and the timeframe to our human assistance team.
Future Outlook: The project’s long-term goal is to create a comprehensive assistance solution
by providing a core personal AI serving in an administrative capacity to clients; a growing
catalogue of ‘modules’ which integrate with the core AI to allow it to complete specialized
functionalities; and a human support team that will take on any requests not currently
completable by the pAI. Eventually, the core pAI will be capable of coordinating and translating
information between modules, managing tasks, creating plans and schedules, and guiding
users to fulfill their needs. A modular approach to specialized functionalities allows us to
continuously innovate and scale the pAI’s capabilities, and allows our company to rely less and
less on outsourced work as we grow. By providing a human support team to assist where the
pAI cannot, our company will always embody our company mission to support individuals with
all areas of help, by synergizing AI administrative assistance and guidance with human
adaptability and intelligence.